SONARPY-1189 Improve Readme (#1264)
SonarSource/sonar-python: README.md

## Building the project

### Fast/minimal build

**Prerequisites:**
- JDK 11
- Maven 3.0.0 or newer

The easiest way to build the Project is by running:

`mvn clean install -DskipTypeshed`

It builds only Java Maven modules, run tests, and install jar locally.
The Python interpreter is not required in that case.

### Full build

**Prerequisites:**
- JDK 11
- Maven 3.0.0 or newer
- Python 3.9 or newer
- [tox](https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - `pip install tox`
- Run `git submodule update --init` to retrieve [Typeshed](https://github.com/python/typeshed) as a Git submodule

All above should be available in PATH.

To execute full build just run:

`mvn clean install`

> The full build executes [Typeshed](https://github.com/python/typeshed). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full build executes [Typeshed](https://github.com/python/typeshed) serializer script. 
```

It generates protobuf messages for Typeshed symbols (for standard Python API) and our customs symbols 
(for Python libraries, e.g. [AWS CDK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/work-with-cdk-python.html)).

> This helps in types interference and providing better rules.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helps in type inference and providing better rules.  
```

## How to contribute

### Configuration

First, please configure your IDE:
https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-developer-toolset.

### Rule annotation

Each new implemented rule should have `@Rule(key = "S0000")` annotation on the class level.
The number of the rule can be find here: https://sonarsource.github.io/rspec/#/rspec/?lang=python.

> The key needs to be unique in the whole project.

Reviewer: the key is usually automatically generated by a [rspec](https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec) repository github action

### Expectations:

> - working on separate branch and creating PR when it's finish

Reviewer: there are also expectations regarding commit messages: they should be prefixed with the ticket number

> - clean coded, well tested solution 

Reviewer: - quality gate should pass

> - fix all issues reported by SonarLint

Reviewer: reported by SonarQube `next` instance

> - 100% code coverage for new changes (if possible). It can be checked on CI build.

Reviewer: I would say we usually expects >= 95%
